Review uploaded topic materials lesson 3. 
Check optional and mandatory section of the route. 
Apply on the assignment below:

Your task is to create (no controllers) that accept and display them properly.


All information must be taken from the URL and passed to the view.

add file for all screenshot of your output
push all your code on your repo
Comment your direct link of your repo

Instructions
Use to define all routes.
Create all views inside .
Do use controllers.
Each route must use .
At least one route must contain an .
Display all parameter values clearly in the view.
Provide default values for optional parameters.


Problem 1: Student Profile Page
The system should allow users to view a student’s basic information using the student’s ID and name.

When a user visits the page using a URL that contains the student ID and name, 
the system must display both values on the screen.

Example URL:
/student/2025/Maria

The page should show:
Student ID
Student Name


Problem 2: Course Enrollment Page
The system should display the course and year level of a student.

The course is required, but the year level is optional. 
If the year level is not provided in the URL, the system must display by default.

Example URLs:
/course/BSIT/3
/course/BSIT

The page should show:
Course
Year Level


Problem 3: OJT Company Information Page
The system should display information about a student’s OJT placement.
The URL contains the company name and city where the company is located. 
It may also include information about whether the company provides an allowance.
If the allowance information is not included, the system should automatically display .

Example URLs:
/ojt/ABC/Manila/Yes 
/ojt/ABC/Manila

The page should show:
Company Name
City
Allowance (Yes or No)


Problem 4: Event Registration Page
The system should display registration details for students joining school events.
The URL contains the event name, participant name, and year level. All parameters are required.

Example URL:
/event/Workshop/Juan/2

The page should show:
Event Name
Participant Name
Year Level